Docs: Adds initial status history docs (#35243)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v8-0.md

### Status history visualization (beta)

> A sister panel to the state timeline is the new Status history panel visualization. It can display periodic state in a grid. It supports both numerical, string or boolean state. Colors can be assigned using value mappings, thresholds or gradient color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sister panel to the state timeline is the new Status history panel visualization. It can display periodic states in a grid view. It supports both numerical, string, or boolean states. You can assign colors using value mappings, thresholds, or gradient color. For more information, refer to [Status histor]({{< relref "../panels/visualizations/status-history.md" >}}).
```
